Add scripts/update-dispensary-doc (#4416)
mozilla/addons-linter: README.md

Note: `hashes.txt` will be embedded into the addons-linter bundle.

> The `bin/build-doc` command updates the list of release pages in the `README.md` file based on the `src/libraries.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bin/build-doc` command updates the list of release pages above based on the `src/dispensary/libraries.json` file.
```
